🎨 Palette: [UX improvement] Add accessibility to Settings folder list (#405)
mikekthx/Launchbox: .jules/palette.md

## 2026-05-15 - ProgressRing Visibility Binding
**Learning:** In WinUI 3, a `ProgressRing` automatically hides its visuals when `IsActive="False"`. It is not necessary to explicitly bind its `Visibility` property using a boolean-to-visibility converter unless the layout space it reserves needs to be reclaimed.
**Action:** When adding simple visual feedback using a `ProgressRing` alongside a button (e.g., in a `StackPanel`), simply bind the `IsActive` property to the async command's execution state without a redundant `Visibility` binding.

> ## 2024-05-24 - [List Item Accessibility Context]

Reviewer: Wrong year — this reads `2024` but should be `2026` (today is 2026-06-03 and every other entry in this file has a 2025 or 2026 date). CLAUDE.md explicitly requires verifying the system date with `date +%Y-%m-%d` before writing any dated log entry.

```suggestion
## 2026-05-24 - List Item Accessibility Context
```

Also, the square-bracket wrapping `[List Item Accessibility Context]` doesn't match the heading style used by every other entry in this file.

**Learning:** Adding accessibility and tooltip properties to inner child elements of a `ListViewItem` DataTemplate forces users to hover/focus precisely on those elements. If properties are missing on the root, screen readers may read the raw text without semantic context, or worse, miss it if overridden improperly.

> **Action:** Always apply `AutomationProperties.Name` and `ToolTipService.ToolTip` to the root container (e.g., `<Grid>`) of a `DataTemplate` in list controls. This ensures full row context is provided upon focus and tooltips trigger seamlessly across the entire hit target.

Reviewer: The **Action** line contradicts what the PR actually implements. The implementation correctly places `AutomationProperties.Name` on the `ListViewItem` via `ItemContainerStyle` (using `{Binding}`), not on the inner `<Grid>`. As written, this entry will mislead a future agent into repeating the original mistake that was flagged in the first review round.

The palette entry should document what was actually learned — that `ListViewItem` is the UIA-focusable node and must be targeted via `ItemContainerStyle`, while `ToolTipService.ToolTip` is appropriately placed on the root `Grid` for broad mouse hit-target coverage:

```suggestion
**Action:** Set `AutomationProperties.Name` on the `ListViewItem` container via `ListView.ItemContainerStyle` (using `{Binding}`, not `{x:Bind}`) so Narrator/NVDA reads the correct name from the focusable UIA node. Setting it on the inner root `<Grid>` of the `DataTemplate` is unreliable because `ListViewItemAutomationPeer` checks `AutomationProperties.Name` on the container first. Apply `ToolTipService.ToolTip` to the root `<Grid>` of the `DataTemplate` for broad mouse hit-target coverage.
```
